hello this is mario 30 30 and here is a
my video new video of mine for this one
I have I thought I got 99 woodcutting I
decided to become a member for a month
and chop as much maddox as I can as you
can see right now in a month i currently
have 17 to mill with experience alright
i'm going to show you my bank of all the
seed the nest and rings I got and then
i'll be selling all my items that i have
obtained tin logs to see how much money
i got all right let's kiss all away my
beautiful what couldn't keep as you can
see all right
okay as you can see we got 16.5 k magic
logs so draw all those 72 crushed bird
nests 11 gold rings 11 stop by our rings
to emerald rings a ruby ring and a
diamond ring those are all the Rings
we've got now for seeds we managed to
get every seed but one and that was the
palm tree oh no we're so close but oh
wait no wasn't the palm tree camera
number up the but no papaya tree that's
what it was all right all a corned
apples willows bananas oranges cherries
maples pineapples are you pretty penny
Paul magic and spirit we can't sell the
spirit see which sucks but we're going
to keep it over to chill free just with
our big sharks all right let's see Oh
looks like I'm up and here they are get
my borrac tabs out all right I should
see my skill capes I got all my next
equipment and yeah my bad ass
skiller gear yeah yeah I know it's
bitchin all right let's get everything
sold 24 rock
I'm gonna sell the logs last just just
to build up suspense on how much money i
will obtain so spirit bat let's get to
see you good to see
yeah outfit decided to go with the Irish
you know not that I'm Irish or anything
just goes it looks cool not just to keep
that's all what it's about right
matching your cape all right let's see
sorry selling magic seed
and Paul
you
pineapple
maples their side years I know it's
probably very boring for you but yeah
curry
no bueno
see oranges oranges all right there this
is a no bueno you know for those who
don't know what nobody means that means
no good banana cheese all right it's
gonna mountain long run will those seats
wow that's a pretty good price okay
burning our bank space I mean exchange
space Apple cheese this should sell all
right and a crunches cell oh it's good
money right there all right top of the
rings diamond
alright for so given Ruby
emerald
oh no 10
take off the willow road but on strong
willow longbows damn drop party sill
sapphires ah very good gold rings
Oh dance
neha shah for those who don't know what
that means that's Russian for no good
for I am Russian and now this is a no
good situation gold rings pathetic let's
get rid of those and let's see how much
our question is sell for that's good
that is good price again for free can't
complain and now the mana choose what
everybody's been waiting for the magic
looks woo is pretty good for month worth
of war what cutting it's almost a melody
oh well not really mail but you know
what i mean and uh we'll see it's nice
nice put these rings here for sale and
bam whoo pretty petty now what we wanted
to buy an e rare or it's an investment
of ours but christmas comes gonna be
going up in price get ourselves a Santa
hats
see not that bad
yes there we go
put these back up for sale and look at
that still seven mil left so I'll go
here
but center there put our money away you
know we have a grand total of ten mil
out of yours crazy if any of you are
interested in buying a 109 k well the
logs just PM me I'm usually have private
off but I tend to have it on you know 50
50 so if you're interested just PM me
give you a good price and let's see how
the son of looks run out here get away
from the noobs
gay
that I guess I'll have to do
yeah my car to my bed noobs and finish
off the video let's see what my
achievement is about skill cape
yeah when there's never no magic tricks
i do this ammo but then whenever I did
it always get a tree would appear and
then i have to wait till the ends to be
able to chop down the tree wall low
pounds sorry it's been forever since i
made a video plan to make one a little
killer soon but he's not a member right
now so yeah it's kind of knowing for him
but don't worry youtube viewers what new
ones coming out soon all right it's been
a little kill through some oil
production catch y'all later